README.md, before:

# flashy-flash-card
My first independent project for GA: a flash card web app.

## The Initial Designs
These were whipped up in Sketch in 30 minutes so I had some sort of guideline to follow.

 ![The initial question card design.](http://i.imgur.com/88wDqVF.png)

 ![The initial answer card design.](http://i.imgur.com/mwheRoc.png)

## Objectives
 - Pre-load the app with some data, and allow the user to switch through questions quickly using the keyboard.
 - Allow users to flip a card over to check the actual answer.
 - Allow users to mark whether they got a question right or not. 
 - Track which cards were incorrect, and re-display them until the user gets them right!

**Bonus:**

- Track scores over time (even if the page is reloaded)
- Include images on one or both sides of the flash card
- Let the user add flash cards (don't need to be saved across refreshes)

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to clearly view the question asked so I can try to remember the answer.
- As a user,  I want to be able to easily switch from the question to the answer so I can check to see if I guessed correctly.
- As a user, I want to be able to mark my guessed answer as correct or wrong depending on the displayed answer.
- As a user, I want to be able to accomplish all by using *either* the mouse of keyboard.
- As a user, I want the flash cards app to only display questions I haven't answered correctly, so that I can work on the ones giving me trouble while passing on the ones I've already memorized.

Commit message:

Add first bit of HTML, update design
Added arrows to the design prototypes.

README.md, after:

# flashy-flash-card
My first independent project for GA: a flash card web app.

## The Initial Designs
These were whipped up in Sketch in 30 minutes so I had some sort of guideline to follow.

 ![The updated question card design, with arrows.](http://i.imgur.com/dc0gwnU.png)

 ![The updated answer card design, with arrows.](http://i.imgur.com/2TA2Yjn.png)

## Objectives
 - Pre-load the app with some data, and allow the user to switch through questions quickly using the keyboard.
 - Allow users to flip a card over to check the actual answer.
 - Allow users to mark whether they got a question right or not. 
 - Track which cards were incorrect, and re-display them until the user gets them right!

**Bonus:**

- Track scores over time (even if the page is reloaded)
- Include images on one or both sides of the flash card
- Let the user add flash cards (don't need to be saved across refreshes)

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to clearly view the question asked so I can try to remember the answer.
- As a user,  I want to be able to easily switch from the question to the answer so I can check to see if I guessed correctly.
- As a user, I want to be able to mark my guessed answer as correct or wrong depending on the displayed answer.
- As a user, I want to be able to accomplish all by using *either* the mouse of keyboard.
- As a user, I want the flash cards app to only display questions I haven't answered correctly, so that I can work on the ones giving me trouble while passing on the ones I've already memorized.
